# Qualitative Peer/Self Evaluation

### Name: Chen, Yijia
### Team Number: 17

(1.) On a scale from 1(poor) to 5(great), please judge the overall performance of your team:

(2.) In the table below, identify a major strength of each of your group members in relation to the group’s goals and processes. Provide one concrete example to substantiate your answer. Include yourself!

| Group member's name | Strength | Example |
| ------------------- | -------- | ------- |
|Bhut, Mira|good at making mechanical stuff|she makes the frame of the robot|
|Chen, Yijia|verilog FPGA|debug fpga|
|Cheng, Yirong|arduino fpga|did a lot of work in lab4|
|Krishnathasan, Thinesiya|arduino matlab |figure out the algorithm |
|Lin, Stephanie|great web writer, great partner|she always can wrote nice website|
|Slater, Peter|idea generator |knows a lot of technique thing|

(3.) In the table below, identify a weakness of each of your group member’s in relation to the group’s process. Provide concrete examples to substantiate your answers. Include yourself!

| Group member’s name | Weakness | Example |
| ------------------- | -------- | ------- |
|Bhut, Mira|haven't found||
|Chen, Yijia|not familiar with names of tools|allen wrapper?? |
|Cheng, Yirong|haven't found||
|Krishnathasan, Thinesiya|haven't found||
|Lin, Stephanie|haven't found||
|Slater, Peter|haven't found||

(4.) In the space below, identify approaches your group tried that worked well, and explain why they were effective.
we sperate into two groups and that worked pretty good because every one knows their responsibility and we worked together efficiently
(5.) In the space below, identify approaches your group tried that did not work well, and explain why they were ineffective.
don't do lab right before deadline, we were too close to due last week, every one is nervous 
(6.) What can you do to improve your own contributions to the group’s goals and processes in the final part of the semester?

(7.) Distribute points among the members of your team (not including you); a higher score means they have contributed more towards the team work. **The total points must sum to 1.**
*Example:
Alice: 0.25
Ben: 0.1
Charles: 0.25
Dave: 0.4*

### Scores:
Bhut, Mira:  0.2
Cheng, Yirong:  0.2
Krishnathasan, Thinesiya: 0.2 
Lin, Stephanie:  0.2
Slater, Peter:  0.2

